* Deprecated Dependency versions updated.
* RyseInventory#getSize has been removed. RyseInventory#size(InventoryContents) is used now.
* There is now the method InventoryContents#randomSlot to get a random slot inside the inventory.
* There is now a method RyseInventory#updatePeriod to change the period while the inventory is open.
* There is now a method RyseInventory#updateDelay to change the delay while the inventory is open.
* The InventoryContents#getAll method was removed.
* The method InventoryContents#getAllWithinPage was removed.
* Added the InventoryContents#updateFixedPageSize method to be able to change the number of pages even if the inventory is already open.
* Added RyseInventory#toXml method to save the inventory as xml. (Beta)
* The RyseInventory#parseXml and RyseInventory#parseAllXml methods have been added. (Beta)
* Fixed a bug where items were placed incorrectly or not at all when using the #endPosition method in SlotIterator.
* Fixed a bug where you had to use the Pagination#setItemsPerPage method despite SlotIterator#endPosition.
* The methods Pagination#next and Pagination#previous now throw an exception. This exception occurs when the player calls Pagination#next although he is already on the last page. Or if the player calls Pagination#previous although he is already on the first page. This ensures that the player uses the methods Pagination#isFirst and Pagination#isLast to avoid unnecessary calculations.
* An error is now thrown when using Pagination#setItemsPerPage and SlotIterator#endPosition together.
* Fixed a bug where items became incorrect when the SlotIterator Type was taken Vertical.
* The SlotIterator#withPattern method is no longer in beta, as no other bugs were reported about it.
* The RyseInventory.Builder#rows method is no longer in beta, as no other bugs have been reported about it.
* Fixed a bug after switching the inventory page, you can take out items when spamming numbers.
* The RyseInventory#open methods no longer return bukkit inventory.
* RyseInventory now uses Gradle as a build tool.
* For the following methods, the TimeSetting parameter is now nullable:
  * RyseInventory.Builder#closeAfter
  * RyseInventory.Builder#loadDelay
  * RyseInventory.Builder#loadTitle
  * RyseInventory.Builder#delay
  * RyseInventory.Builder#openDelay
  * RyseInventory.Builder#period
  * This makes it possible to pass a time without paying attention to a time unit that I specify.
* Now there should be no ClassNotFoundException anymore.
* Javadoc has been extended.